{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red70\green130\blue180;\red100\green100\blue100;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto
\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440
{\pard\qc\sb480\sa120\b\f1\fs48 Discord for Beginners\b0\par}
{\pard\qc\sa80\f1\fs28 A Complete, Web-Based Step-by-Step Guide for Adults New to Discord\par}
{\pard\qc\sa80\f0\fs22\par}
{\pard\qc\sa40\f0\fs22 \b Author:\b0  Ric Rebull\par}
{\pard\qc\sa40\f0\fs22 \b Instructor:\b0  Prof. Kugelmann\par}
{\pard\qc\sa40\f0\fs22 \b Date:\b0  April 23, 2026\par}
{\pard\qc\sa40\f0\fs22 ENC 4265 \u183? Technical Writing \u183? UCF\par}
{\pard\pagebb\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 A Complete, Web-Based Step-by-Step Guide for Adults New to Discord\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Introduction\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Discord is a popular online communication application available on macOS, Windows, iOS, and Android devices. Discord is built around servers, channels, groups, text channels, as well as voice chats. As a mixed platform, it doesn't serve one sole purpose. Instead it joins video conferencing, group chats, and a modern form of community forums into one place, allowing for a wide range of usage contexts. While it initially had a gaming community focus, it is today used by teams, communities of shared hobbies, academic departments, and others around the world. If you've been asked to join Discord as part of your employment or academic commitments, you are in the right place.\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 In this tutorial, you will learn various core Discord features. That includes written communication, private communication, and real-time audio communication via text channels, direct messages, and voice channels, respectively. We will also address settings that enable you to stay organized and safe.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 A Brief History of Discord\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Within Discord's first year of release, it had already exploded to millions of users. First founded in 2015 by Jason Citron and Stan Vishnevskiy as a gaming-focused communication app, Discord saw success early. That success moved well-beyond gaming when it became widely used in schools, universities, as well to support remote workforces during the COVID-19 pandemic as an alternative to Zoom or Slack\u185?. Now in 2026 Discord reports over 500 million registered users, with wide uses from office hours in universities to corporate team coordination.\par}
{\pard\sb60\sa40\li360\ri360\b\f1\fs22 Footnote\b0\par}
{\pard\sa80\li360\ri360\f0\fs22\cf3 \u185? Discord Inc. "About Discord." discord.com/company. Accessed 2026.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Who This Tutorial Is For\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 This tutorial is geared toward readers with no experience using Discord in the past. This intended reader will typically be an adult beginner who is downloading Discord as part of their academic or professional commitments. If you have used any communication platform such as an online email, Zoom, educational management software such as Canvas, or any other typical account-based online service, you are well equipped with all the technical knowledge needed to understand this tutorial.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 What You Will Be Able to Do\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 By the end of this tutorial, you will be prepared to:\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Join a server using an invite link\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Create and set up a Discord account\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Navigate the Discord desktop interface\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Read and send messages in text channels\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Join and participate in a voice channel\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Send private direct messages to other users\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Adjust your account settings for privacy and appearance\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Manage your notification settings\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Tools and Materials Needed\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Before you begin, you'll need the following:\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  A desktop or laptop computer running Windows or macOS\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  A connection to the internet (WiFi and Ethernet both work)\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  A personal email address to register your account\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  A microphone and headset (optional, but recommended for voice communication)\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  A camera (optional, but recommended for video calls)\par}
{\pard\sb60\sa40\li360\ri360\b\f1\fs22 Good to Know\b0\par}
{\pard\sa80\li360\ri360\f0\fs22\cf3 If you have used platforms like Microsoft Teams or Zoom in the past, Discord's voice channels will likely feel familiar. What makes Discord's voice channels unique is that they are always open. They require no specific meeting link or prior scheduling.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 How to Use This Tutorial\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 This beginner-friendly tutorial builds on itself through 7 organized chapters discussing various vital areas of using Discord. If this is your first time with Discord, it is recommended to follow the chapters in order. You may also revisit a specific chapter to review a specific topic by utilizing the table of contents, designed as a navigation bar on the left-hand side of your screen. Clicking a topic name allows you to jump straight to it without scrolling the entire tutorial. Key Discord terms that are mentioned throughout this tutorial will be hyperlinked and are defined in the Glossary section toward the end of the website.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Next Steps and Further Reading\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 If you're looking for official Discord resources beyond this tutorial, here are some helpful links:\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Looking for official guides? See Discord's Documentation.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Info about privacy, harassment, or account security: discord.com/safety.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Want to stay updated on Discord's changes? See the official blog.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Ready to build your own server? Get started here.\par}
{\pard\pagebb\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Before you get started with Discord, here is how to download the Discord application, make an account, verify that account via email, and set up your profile.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Downloading Discord\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 The ideal way to access Discord is using the desktop application, available on both Windows and macOS. Discord can also be used via a web browser as well as on various types of mobile devices, but for your academic or professional needs, the desktop app is recommended.\par}
{\pard\sb60\sa40\li360\ri360\b\f1\fs22 Note on Mobile\b0\par}
{\pard\sa80\li360\ri360\f0\fs22\cf3 Discord has a popular mobile app for iOS and Android, but this tutorial focuses on the downloadable desktop application. This interface on mobile devices is slightly different, and will not be covered in this tutorial.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Downloading on Windows\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Downloading on macOS\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 After Installation\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 When Discord opens for the first time, you can expect up to 2 minutes of loading depending on your device's speed. After that, you will see a login screen allowing you to either log in to your account or register one. Since you do not have an account yet, you will click Register in the next section.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Creating a New Account\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Since you haven't signed up for a Discord account in the past, you need to create one now. The process takes about two minutes.\par}
{\pard\sb60\sa40\li360\ri360\b\f1\fs22 Note\b0\par}
{\pard\sa80\li360\ri360\f0\fs22\cf3 If your organization has already created an account for you, you may skip this step and log in with your existing credentials.\par}
{\pard\sb60\sa40\li360\ri360\b\f1\fs22 Password Tip\b0\par}
{\pard\sa80\li360\ri360\f0\fs22\cf3 Discord accounts are known to be targeted by malicious actors. It is recommended to use a unique password you have not previously used with another website.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Verifying Your Email\par}
{\pard\sb60\sa40\li360\ri360\b\f1\fs22 Important\b0\par}
{\pard\sa80\li360\ri360\f0\fs22\cf3 Discord may allow you to utilize some features without verifying your email, but the majority of server features will be restricted. Complete this step before moving on.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Setting Up Your Profile\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 You're almost ready to join servers. Before doing so, you should make your profile look professional. If you use Discord for work or in academia, making your display name and profile photo recognizable can help colleagues or students identify you easily.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Uploading a Profile Picture\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Setting Your Display Name\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Your Discord Profile has two types of names. It is important to understand the difference:\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Username: An account identifier unique to you. This is typically not displayed publicly, but is visible if a user inspects your profile. This is what you'd share when having someone add you as a friend. Username changes are limited.\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Display Name: This is your publicly visible name within groups, private messages, or servers. You may change this whenever you'd like, and even adjust your name per server.\par}
{\pard\sb60\sa40\li360\ri360\b\f1\fs22 Academic Best Practice\b0\par}
{\pard\sa80\li360\ri360\f0\fs22\cf3 In educational settings, you likely want instructors or students to recognize your profile in text or voice channels. We recommend using your real first and last name as your display name.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Adding an Optional Bio\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 If you scroll down from your display name, you also have the choice to add a bio. Here you may want to list things like your department, role, or in academic settings, the course number. This setting isn't required, but provides further help identifying you.\par}
{\pard\pagebb\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Before you begin using Discord confidently, you should know what every panel or button does. This guided tour covers the Discord desktop layout.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Overview of the Main Layout\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Most of your time using Discord will be spent in servers. Discord's iconic server interface is divided into several distinct panels. Before joining a server in Chapter 3, you should familiarize yourself with these panels.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Panel 1: The Server List (Far-Left Sidebar)\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 On the far left, you'll notice a narrow column. This is your server list. It contains circular icons allowing you to switch between servers. Think of these like bookmarks for different communities. Since you haven't joined any, you'll only see some default buttons.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Discord logo button located at the top will lead you to Home Screen (direct messages).\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Every circular button underneath represents the server that you are a part of. Click on any of the buttons to access that server.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  The Green + button at the bottom lets you create or join a server.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  If there is a red notification mark next to the server icon, then you have unread messages in that server.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Panel 2: The Channel List (Second Panel)\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Clicking on the server icon opens up the second window where you will see all the channels available in the particular server.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  The channels are categorized into expandable/contractible groups (represented by the gray header in each category).\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  If there is a "#" symbol, then it represents the text channel for text-based communication.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  If there is a speaker symbol, then it is the voice channel.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  You can use the arrow next to the category name to expand or contract that channel group.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  The server name is listed at the top of this window.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Panel 3: The Main Chat Window (Center)\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 This is the largest area which represents the workspace. It changes contents based on which channel is selected.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  When in text channels, it contains chat messages ordered chronologically (most recent messages shown near the bottom of your screen).\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  The message input box is found at the very bottom where you can write and submit messages.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  At the top, the name of the channel is displayed, together with its description.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Panel 4: The Members Panel (Right Sidebar)\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 This sidebar lists all the users in the selected server.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  The members are classified according to their roles. In academic servers, you may see roles like instructor, TA, and student.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  A green dot next to the name indicates that the user is currently active.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  A yellow half circle indicates that the user is inactive (idle).\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  A gray dot next to the name means the user is offline/invisible.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  By clicking on any of these names, you will see the user's profile and be able to send them a direct message.\par}
{\pard\sb60\sa40\li360\ri360\b\f1\fs22 Tip\b0\par}
{\pard\sa80\li360\ri360\f0\fs22\cf3 You can easily collapse the members panel by clicking the person symbol in the toolbar.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 The User Controls Bar\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Your personal control center is located on the bottom left of your window. It contains your profile photo, your display name, as well as a few control icons tied to you.\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Microphone Button: When this icon is gray, you are unmuted. If you are in a voice channel, your microphone will transmit audio. To mute yourself, click the icon. A red slash will appear on the microphone, indicating others cannot hear you.\par}
{\pard\sb60\sa40\li360\ri360\b\f1\fs22 Best Practice\b0\par}
{\pard\sa80\li360\ri360\f0\fs22\cf3 Similar to Zoom or other communication platforms you may be familiar with, muting yourself unless you are currently speaking helps reduce background noise for others in the channel.\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Headphone Button: When this icon is gray, you can hear others. If you are in a voice channel, and others speak, your audio output device will transmit that. To deafen yourself, click the headphone icon. A red slash will appear on the headphone, as well as the microphone automatically. Think of this as a reverse mute.\par}
{\pard\sa80\li360\ri360\f0\fs22\cf3 Audio Controls are covered in detail in Chapter 6 Voice Channels\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Settings Gear: Clicking the gear icon opens User Settings, where you can manage your profile, notification preferences, audio devices, privacy settings, and appearance. Settings are covered in detail in Chapter 7.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 The Search Bar\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 The search bar, located in the top right of your application window, is a powerful tool that allows you to find old messages. You can filter your search with a variety of options, such as by keyword, date, sender, or attachment.\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 For even faster navigation to specific groups, channels, servers, or DMs, press Ctrl + K (Windows) or \u8984? + K (Mac) to open the Quick Switcher. Think of this as a search bar that helps you find locations, rather than specific messages. This feature becomes increasingly helpful as your server list grows.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Navigating to the Home Screen\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 At any point, you can click the Discord logo at the top of your server list to navigate out of a server and back to Discord's main home screen. On the Home screen you will find:\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Your direct messages with other users.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Your Friends list: A red circle with a number indicates a pending friend request.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Message requests: A red circle with a number indicates a pending message request.\par}
{\pard\pagebb\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Learn how to join servers, how to get your bearings once you've joined one, how to find public servers, and
 what the purpose of a server is.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 What Is a Server?\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 A server is essentially a community hub for a dedicated group of users. It
 is the main method of gathering in Discord. Your class, company department, club, or any kind of team can
 utilize its own Discord server. Every server has:\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Channels: individual rooms for text or voice
 communication, typically separated by topic or purpose.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Members: Discord users who have joined the server. Located in the members panel as
 discussed in Chapter 2.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Roles: Group permission labels, assigned to users to allow
 or deny them from participating in different channels, making server level changes, or taking a variety of
 actions.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Rules: Universal, enforceable guidelines set by that server's administrator.\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Most Discord users join an existing server rather than creating their own. You can join a server by acquiring a
 valid invite link specific to that server, or via the server discovery
 page.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Joining via Invite Link\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 In most contexts such as work or school, the server you need to join will not be publicly available on the
 discover page. You must obtain an invite link, commonly shared by a professor, manager, or classmate.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 How to Join Using an Invite Link\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Finding a Public Server\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Public servers are typically operated by and dedicated to official brands such as video game companies or
 famous musicians, in order to organize their communities of fans. Your team is unlikely to utilize a public
 server, but this is still good to know.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Using the Discover Page\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Server Structure\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 First joining a server can be overwhelming. Understanding the server's structure allows you to get a solid
 grasp on how to use it.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Channel Categories\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Servers utilizing common best practices will have channels grouped by categories resembling section headers.
 Some common, but not universal categories you may notice will be "ANNOUNCEMENTS," or "GENERAL." In class
 servers, a dedicated "OFFICE HOURS" section may also exist.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Pinned Messages and Welcome Information\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Commonly, you will encounter channels like #welcome or #announcements. We recommend opening these channels
 first, since they contain relevant or critical information. Important information may also be pinned within
 specific channels.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Reading the Rules Channel\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Nearly every server will have unique rules regarding what kinds of activity are inappropriate in that
 community. Always locate those rules (typically in a #rules channel) and read them.\par}
{\pard\sb60\sa40\li360\ri360\b\f1\fs22 Important\b0\par}
{\pard\sa80\li360\ri360\f0\fs22\cf3 In some servers, permission to participate in standard channels is restricted until users acknowledge the
 server's rules. If your server is set up that way, you may need to complete an initiation step, such as
 clicking to confirm. If you run into this, check the relevant channels for specific steps.\par}
{\pard\pagebb\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Text channels are at the core of Discord communication. To use them effectively, you should know how to manage your messages, send new ones, reply to specific messages, and read messages from others.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 What Is a Text Channel?\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 A text channel can be identified in the channel list by the # symbol beside their name. Text channels are the place where standard daily communication takes place. Server members can send text messages and make threaded conversations, as well as send files and images depending on the server's rules and permission set up. Text channels retain a permanent history of messages unless deleted.\par}
{\pard\sb60\sa40\li360\ri360\b\f1\fs22 Text vs. Voice\b0\par}
{\pard\sa80\li360\ri360\f0\fs22\cf3 Text channels use a # symbol. Voice channels use a speaker icon.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Reading Messages\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 The main chat window displays the conversation of whichever channel you've selected on the left-hand channel list panel. As mentioned earlier, messages are displayed chronologically, with the new messages appearing from the bottom. If you scroll too far up in the chat history, select the "Jump to Present" at the bottom of your screen to return.\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 If new messages were sent since your last time opening a channel, a red line in the chat will signify where you left off. Messages are tied to user profiles, and contain a time stamp.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Sending a Message\par}
{\pard\sb60\sa40\li360\ri360\b\f1\fs22 New Line vs. Send\b0\par}
{\pard\sa80\li360\ri360\f0\fs22\cf3 To avoid accidentally sending a message when you are attempting to add a new line to your message, use Shift+Enter instead. Adding new lines improves readability on longer messages.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Replying to a Specific Message\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Channels can become hectic, and a reply to a specific user can get lost when other users are also sending messages. The Reply feature links your message with one previously sent, quoting the prior message on your own. A reply to your message will be highlighted and trigger a notification.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Editing and Deleting Your Messages\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 You can edit or delete any message you have sent at any time.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Editing a Message\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Editing messages is not private. Any edited message will permanently retain an (edited) label. However, other users are unable to see the original message.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Deleting a Message\par}
{\pard\sb60\sa40\li360\ri360\b\f1\fs22 Note\b0\par}
{\pard\sa80\li360\ri360\f0\fs22\cf3 You can only delete messages sent by you. Administrators can delete anyone's messages.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Adding Emoji Reactions\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Reactions are great for acknowledging a message without sending a full reply.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Uploading Files and Images\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Some servers allow members to share images, documents, or other files in text channels. This depends on the permissions granted to your assigned role.\par}
{\pard\sb60\sa40\li360\ri360\b\f1\fs22 Tip - Drag and Drop\b0\par}
{\pard\sa80\li360\ri360\f0\fs22\cf3 You can skip the steps below entirely by dragging any file directly into your Discord window to automatically attach it to your message. If you prefer this method, drag your file now. Otherwise, follow the steps below.\par}
{\pard\sb60\sa40\li360\ri360\b\f1\fs22 File Size Limit\b0\par}
{\pard\sa80\li360\ri360\f0\fs22\cf3 Discord is not optimal for sharing large files. Instead, use an online file sharing platform like Dropbox or Google Drive.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Using @Mentions\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Busy channels lead to lost messages. @Mentions solve this by highlighting your message to a specific user and sending them a notification.\par}
{\pard\sb60\sa40\li360\ri360\b\f1\fs22 Good to Know: @Mention Etiquette\b0\par}
{\pard\sa80\li360\ri360\f0\fs22\cf3 With the right permissions, you may also be able to use @here to notify everyone online, or @everyone to notify all members. Avoid abusing this feature as it can create alert fatigue and cause users to mute the server completely.\par}
{\pard\pagebb\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Discord also enables you to have private conversations outside of servers. You'll now learn how to hold these DM (Direct Message) conversations.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 What Is a Direct Message?\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 A Direct Message (DM) is Discord's equivalent to a private text message. These messages occur in private between two Discord users, or within a group chat, without ever using a server.\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 As you utilize Discord for your academic or professional role, you will likely utilize DMs for things like privately conversing with students, following up directly with a question you received in office hours or the workplace, or privately coordinating with colleagues.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Sending a DM to Another User\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Ready to start using Direct Messages? There are two main ways to begin: from the Home screen or from within a server.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Method 1: From the Home Screen\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Method 2: From Within a Server\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 The DM Inbox\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 From your home screen, all your DM conversations are listed on the "Direct Messages" panel on the left of your screen. Each DM can be identified by the user's name and profile photo.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  DMs are ordered by activity. Your most recent interactions are at the top.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  To open any conversation, just click it.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Usernames in bold indicate an unread message.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  To clean up a cluttered message list, hover over a DM and click the X that appears. This hides the conversation but does not delete the content.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Creating a Group DM\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Sometimes you need a private group conversation, but don't require a full server. This can be useful for small team coordination. Discord group DMs allow up to 10 users to communicate.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Starting a Group DM\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Adding Someone to an Existing DM\par}
{\pard\sb60\sa40\li360\ri360\b\f1\fs22 Info: Group DM vs. Server\b0\par}
{\pard\sa80\li360\ri360\f0\fs22\cf3 Group DMs are great for an informal conversation between a small group. Servers are a better fit for larger groups requiring organization, permission structures, and professionalism.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 DM Etiquette and Privacy\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Before you begin utilizing DMs in your academic or professional setting, here are some important details to consider:\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  DMs are private: Only the members of a DM can read the conversation, unlike in servers.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Privacy is not anonymity: Always DM respectfully and follow standard best practices for communication on any platform. In academic or professional settings, treat DMs like professional email.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Sometimes unwanted DMs like spam or scams may reach you. You can always block or report users (see Chapter 7: Privacy and Safety).\par}
{\pard\pagebb\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 You have likely encountered voice and video communication platforms like Zoom and Microsoft Teams. Discord's voice channels offer the same capabilities, minus the need for manually scheduling calls in advance. In this chapter you'll learn how to join voice channels and utilize them for office hours.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 What Is a Voice Channel?\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Voice channels are the alternative to text channels. They are a room inside a server which enables real-time audio communication between users. These rooms are available 24/7, can be accessed by any user with the appropriate role, and require zero scheduling or prior setup for each meeting.\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Voice channels are identifiable on the channels panel by the speaker icon before their name, as opposed to the # symbol which identifies text channels.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Voice Channels vs. Zoom\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 If you are used to Zoom, here is the key difference: a Zoom meeting requires multiple steps of setup. Discord's voice channels are more like conference rooms which are always open, making them ideal for drop-in style office hours.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Joining a Voice Channel\par}
{\pard\sb60\sa40\li360\ri360\b\f1\fs22 Tip: First Time Using Voice?\b0\par}
{\pard\sa80\li360\ri360\f0\fs22\cf3 If you have not previously joined a voice channel, Discord may request permission to use your device's audio equipment. Click "allow."\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Audio Controls in a Voice Channel\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Your audio controls are managed via the user controls bar on the bottom left of your screen (See Chapter 2: The User Controls Bar).\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Muting and Unmuting Yourself\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Mute: Clicking the microphone icon in the user controls bar adds a red slash over the icon, indicating a successful mute.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Unmute: Click the microphone icon in the user controls bar. The red slash disappears, indicating a successful unmute.\par}
{\pard\sb60\sa40\li360\ri360\b\f1\fs22 Best Practice\b0\par}
{\pard\sa80\li360\ri360\f0\fs22\cf3 Stay muted when not actively talking. Background noise like from a pet or a fan may distract other users.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Deafening and Undeafening\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Deafen: Click the headphone icon in the user controls bar. A red slash appears over the headphone and microphone icons, indicating you can no longer hear others, and have been automatically muted.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Undeafen: Click the headphone icon again. Your audio will be restored.\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Use deafening when you want to step away from the voice chat briefly without fully disconnecting.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Adjusting the Volume of Other Participants\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Sometimes, another user's audio can come across too loud or too quiet on your device. You can specifically adjust their volume without affecting other users.\par}
{\pard\sb60\sa40\li360\ri360\b\f1\fs22 Info: Local Volume Adjustment\b0\par}
{\pard\sa80\li360\ri360\f0\fs22\cf3 User specific volume changes only apply to your own audio experience. No other users, including the subject of your volume change, will be alerted.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Sharing Your Screen\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Another feature Discord shares with popular communication platforms is screen sharing. This will become useful if you ever need to present visual information or demonstrate something on your computer like code or math steps.\par}
{\pard\sb60\sa40\li360\ri360\b\f1\fs22 Warning: Before You Share\b0\par}
{\pard\sa80\li360\ri360\f0\fs22\cf3 Sharing your "entire screen" can cause unintended content to be shared such as notifications, other open apps or your desktop. Close anything you don't want visible to others.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Stopping Screen Share\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Leaving a Voice Channel\par}
{\pard\pagebb\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Discord is well known for the comprehensive ability it offers to customize your notifications. You'll learn how to customize notifications at every level to meet your liking, as well as how to manage your account settings to personalize your appearance and protect your privacy and safety.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 How Discord Notifications Work\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Understanding notification tiers is the first step in preventing notification fatigue. Discord has three of them:\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Server Tier: A broad setting that sets your default notification configuration for every channel in a server. A "All Messages" configuration ensures you're notified for every message in every channel of that server.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Channel Tier: Channel-Specific overrides to your server tier setting. You can mute a specific channel without muting the rest.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  DM Tier: Direct Message notifications. All DMs typically generate a notification.\par}
{\pard\sb60\sa40\li360\ri360\b\f1\fs22 Warning: Default Setting Alert\b0\par}
{\pard\sa80\li360\ri360\f0\fs22\cf3 The default server tier notification setting is typically "All Messages." This could lead to dozens of notifications in a short time span in any busy server. Change this right after joining a server to prevent overload.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Changing Server Notification Settings\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Suppressing @everyone and @here\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 As mentioned in Chapter 4, Good to Know: @Mention Etiquette, an @everyone mention notifies the entire server, and an @here mention notifies all online members of the server. When used frequently by administrators, this can be disruptive.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Muting Individual Channels\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 You can also mute a specific channel without affecting how you receive notifications from other channels. You might use this to mute a busy chat channel while preserving notifications for an announcements channel.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Status Modes\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Similar to platforms like Microsoft Teams, you can let others know whether you are available by adjusting your status. To change this:\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Customizing Appearance\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Dark Mode and Light Mode\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Your theme determines what shade Discord appears in on your device.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Text Size and Accessibility\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Do you prefer larger text? You can adjust Discord's text size.\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 The accessibility menu also offers a variety of more niche features to customize your experience, including adjusting space between messages, zoom level to adjust panel sizing, and a toggle to disable animations.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Privacy and Safety Settings\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Discord has several settings that protect your privacy. You should review these when first setting up your account.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Restricting Who Can Send You DMs\par}
{\pard\sb60\sa40\li360\ri360\b\f1\fs22 Tip: Finding Filtered Messages\b0\par}
{\pard\sa80\li360\ri360\f0\fs22\cf3 Sometimes an important message gets filtered. You can review filtered messages from the "Message Requests" section in your direct messages panel. To navigate to your direct messages panel, see Chapter 5: Direct Messages.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Blocking a User\par}
{\pard\sb60\sa40\li360\ri360\b\f1\fs22 Note: Blocks Only Apply to You\b0\par}
{\pard\sa80\li360\ri360\f0\fs22\cf3 If a user you've blocked is active in a server or group, you'll still see messages from other users responding to them. If a user is seemingly talking to themselves, they are likely conversing with a user you've blocked.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Reporting a User\par}
{\pard\sb60\sa40\li360\ri360\b\f1\fs22 Tip: Notify Your Administrator\b0\par}
{\pard\sa80\li360\ri360\f0\fs22\cf3 If you notice a user breaking a server-specific rule rather than Discord TOS or the Law, you should notify a server administrator rather than reporting the user. An admin, such as a professor or a manager, can kick out or ban the user from the server.\par}
{\pard\pagebb\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 You have learned all the foundational skills to begin utilizing Discord confidently. Good luck as you use Discord in your academic or professional setting.\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Congratulations on completing Discord for Beginners: A Complete, Web-Based Step-by-Step Guide for Adults New to Discord.\par}
{\pard\sb60\sa40\li360\ri360\b\f1\fs22 Tip: The Navigation Panel\b0\par}
{\pard\sa80\li360\ri360\f0\fs22\cf3 To go back to a specific skill or section, use the panel on the left of this tutorial, as well as the search bar, to find that section easily.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 What You Have Learned\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Here is a summary of the skills covered across all seven chapters:\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Ch. 1 - Account Setup: Downloading Discord, Creating your account, verifying your email, and setting up your profile.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Ch. 2 - Interface Navigation: Discord's panels, locating the user controls bar, search, and the Home screen.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Ch. 3 - Joining Servers: Using an invite link, navigating the discovery page, and understanding a new server.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Ch. 4 - Text Channels: Sending, replying, reacting, editing, deleting, uploading, and using @mentions.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Ch. 5 - Direct Messages: Creating DMs and group DMs, using the DM inbox, and professional etiquette.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Ch. 6 - Voice Channels: Operating efficiently in voice channels, from joining one, to muting, deafening, volume control, screen sharing, and leaving.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Ch. 7 - Settings: Maximizing your experience through settings, including notifications, status modes, appearance, privacy, and safety.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Next Steps and Further Reading\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Now that you have the basics down, here are some resources to help you continue learning:\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Looking for official guides? See Discord's Documentation.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Info about privacy, harassment, or account security: discord.com/safety.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Want to stay updated on Discord's changes? See this blog.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Ready to build your own server? Get started here.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Credits\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 This tutorial was authored by Ric Rebull. It is a project for ENC 4265 (Technical Writing) at the University of Central Florida.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Sources and References\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Discord Inc. "About Discord." Discord, 2026, discord.com/company. Accessed 23 Apr. 2026. 
 Discord Inc. "Discord Help Center." Discord Support, 2026, support.discord.com. Accessed 23 Apr. 2026. 
 Discord Inc. "Discord Safety Center." Discord Safety, 2026, discord.com/safety. Accessed 23 Apr. 2026. 
 Discord Inc. "Discord Beginner's Guide." Discord Blog, 2026, discord.com/blog. Accessed 23 Apr. 2026.\par}
{\pard\pagebb\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Running into an issue and don't know what to do? Here are the answers to some common problems new users run into.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Messaging and Channels\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Why can't I type in certain channels?\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 This is quite common, and typically intentional. It usually relates to one of the following:\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Read-Only channels: These channels are not intended for conversation. They only allow messages from administrators, such as announcements.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Your assigned role does not have permission to message in that channel. DM a server administrator to request a role with permission.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  Upon joining the first time, some servers require you to acknowledge the rules before messaging. Check for a rule channel and read the provided instructions for acknowledging the rules.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 How do I find a server I've already joined?\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 The server list sidebar on the far left contains every server you are in, represented by circular icons. Hover over those icons to reveal each server's name. Then click the icon to open it.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 How do I leave a server I no longer need?\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Focus on the server sidebar. Find the intended server's circular icon, and right-click it. A context menu appears. Click "Leave Server." Click Leave Server again on the confirmation screen. The server is now gone from your server sidebar.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Audio and Voice\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Why am I not hearing anyone in a voice channel?\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Work through these checks in order:\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Locate the headphone icon in the user control bar on the bottom left. If the headphone has a red slash, you are deafened. Click it to undeafen.\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Check your system volume. Ensure the volume on your PC or Laptop is set to an audible level.\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Click the Discord Settings icon resembling a gear, click Voice & Video, and check your Output Device.\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 If you have multiple output devices, test each one until audio transmits via the expected device such as headphones or speakers.\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Scroll down Voice & Video to find "Sounds." Click Preview Sound on each sound effect to test for audio output.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Why is my microphone not working?\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Try the following steps:\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Locate the microphone icon in the user control bar on the bottom left. If the microphone has a red slash, you are muted. Click it to unmute.\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Click the Settings icon, click Voice & Video, and check your Input Device.\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 If you have multiple input devices, test each one by clicking the "Mic Test" Button. A working microphone will produce a visual output showing your microphone's volume.\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Enable microphone permissions for Discord:\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  On Windows, click your Windows key, open Settings, hit Privacy, and then pick Microphone. Locate the Discord app, ensuring it is enabled.\par}
{\pard\li400\fi-200\sa60\f0\fs22 \bullet  On macOS, open the Settings app in the toolbar, choose Privacy & Security, and select Microphone. Locate the Discord app, ensuring it is enabled.\par}
{\pard\sb200\sa80\b\f1\fs28 Account and Privacy\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Can other people see my email address or real name?\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 No. Users can only see your chosen display name and username. Whether you want to use your real name as a display name is your choice and may be appropriate in academic or work settings.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Someone is acting inappropriately. What do I do?\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Take the following steps:\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Block the user: Right-click their name, click Block. They will not be able to DM you or see your messages in servers.\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Report the message: If their message breaks Discord Terms of Service, Right-click any message and select Report Message. A report menu opens. Follow the prompts to submit your report.\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Notify your server administrator: If their message only breaks server rules, inform an administrator such as a professor or manager. They can remove or ban the user from the server.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 I'm getting too many notifications. How do I reduce them?\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Find the server in your server selection panel. Right-click it. Hover over notifications and adjust your setting to Only @Mentions. You'll only be notified when you are mentioned in a message. For detailed steps, see Chapter 7: Managing Notifications.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Does Discord have a web app?\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Yes. Discord's web version has most of the features from the Desktop version, and most of the instructions in this tutorial will apply. However, the downloaded version is more suited for everyday use. Most individuals use the web version if they need to check their messages while using an unusual device, such as a hotel computer. Find the web version here: Discord.com/app.\par}
{\pard\pagebb\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Are you lost in the jargon? Use this glossary to find definitions for any Discord terminology used in this tutorial.\par}
{\pard\sb60\sa40\li360\ri360\b\f1\fs22 How to Use This Glossary\b0\par}
{\pard\sa80\li360\ri360\f0\fs22\cf3 Terms are listed alphabetically. If one of these terms is used and you are unfamiliar with it, click it to directly locate its definition here. To return to where you were, click your browser's back button.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Bot\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 Useful automated accounts that can perform many tasks from sending reminders, welcoming new members, to moderating text channels for spam and foul language via automated language filtering. Bots can only be added by administrators.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Channel\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 A specific room within a Discord server used for communication. Text channels (marked with #) are for written messages and file sharing. Voice channels (marked with a speaker icon) are for live audio conversations. Channels are organized into categories within a server.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Deafen\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 This mutes audio transmission from all other users. It also automatically mutes your own microphone. This is useful for briefly stepping away from a conversation without leaving a voice channel.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Direct Message (DM)\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 A private conversation between two Discord users, or a small group of up to 10 users, that takes place outside of any server.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Invite Link\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 The main method for granting users access to a Discord server. Invite links are a URL formatted as discord.gg/unique_code and pertain to a specific server. These are shareable across the web, email, or anywhere else, and when clicked, allow a user to join that server. They can be set to expire after a certain period or usage count.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 @Mention\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 A tag/notification method to alert a specific user. When a user's username or display name is placed directly after an @ such as in @JohnDoe, that user will receive a notification for that message (unless they have adjusted their notification settings to prevent them).\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Mute\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 A method for disabling your own microphone audio, indicated by a red slash over your microphone icon in your user control bar. You can still hear others.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Ping\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 An informal term sometimes used interchangeably with a "mention," "alert," or "notification." Pinging someone means you have sent them a DM, used @Mention to tag them in a message, or used any other method to get their attention.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Role\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 A label representing a permission group in a server. Roles are assigned by administrators or moderators and allow or prohibit members from performing a wide array of actions. In an academic setting, a "Professor" role might allow for sending announcements, editing announcements, or deleting the announcements channel altogether, while a "student" role might only allow users to read them.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Server\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 An organized community hub for a dedicated group of users. It is the main method of gathering in Discord. Your class, company department, club, or any kind of team can utilize its own Discord server. Users can join multiple different servers.\par}
{\pard\sb160\sa60\b\f1\fs24 Voice Channel\par}
{\pard\sa100\f0\fs22 The alternative to text channels. A room inside a server which enables real-time audio communication between users. These rooms are available 24/7, can be accessed by any user with the appropriate role, and require zero scheduling or prior setup for each meeting. The ideal choice for drop-in office hours. Voice channels are identifiable on the channels panel by the speaker icon before their name. Voice channels also have features like a Zoom call, such as sharing your screen.\par}
{\pard\pagebb\par}
}